Tell me guys, youtube, all right here.
the lexus is the speaker and today we are going to give
continuity in the legends I've been years
talking a little about the demon moth
so let's play great here from a
leader of the terror triangle since
They are far superior to
normal but lower than lots ego
triangle of terror is formed by three
very powerful demons being
morotti another amateur gas baran the lord
of the desolating blades that the devil
a thousand faces the side of a little girl in the
roma depths in its inactive Gobber
where a group of quota holders try to
waking up the old demon in the
terror to be aroused three types of
messages may appear in the game
in the lot first appeared in
Arcane in August 2006 and despite being
extremely powerful was soon defeated.
after the same aurora and tanya server
new lot has an estimated damage of
6,500 per shift in conjunction with
other demons from the gum area being
its weak point the ice element has
55,000 health points and provides the
players a total of 15,000 points
experience although powerful the same
escapes the president who is being
defeated and the greatest advantage of defeating
the aek demo is his luxury where he is well
generous we can cite as an example
clear that these profits are the title
example here having demos
several others
interesting fact is that in addition to
para mangalot your own heart
how luti am I a partner in the triangle of
terror gas baran also europe
we got to the end of another video
I hope you have enjoyed it if you
I liked it, I liked it, and who
did not sign up to sign up for my
channel that I'm always bringing new
videos a hug was worth and said